
################################################################################

        Legendary Dwarf Fortress
            by
        Amostubal
		
################################################################################

    Welcome to Legendary Dwarf Fortress!

    This is a new Mod Pack from Amostubal.  The goal is to design a set of 
races, creatures, and items that will be a backbone for adding in various mods
provided by the community. Features will include 4 factions, 16 Civillizations,
1000s of specialized gear and weapons, 100+ new buildings, and multiple complex
game mechanic ideas that completely change the how the game is played.  Welcome 
to LDF.

################################################################################


        Table Of Contents
		    1. Factions and Civilizations Overview
			2. Civilized Races
			    a. Dwarfs of the High Mountains
				b. Elfs of the Forest
				c. Humans of the Plains
				d. Gnomes of the Hills
			3. Savage Races
			    a. Orcs of the Tiaga
			4. Scavanger Races
			    a. Kobolds of the Caves
				b. Trolls of the Swamps
				c. Ogres of Chasm
			5. Evil-bound Races
			    a. Goblins of the Dark Fortress
				b. Necromancers of the Obelisk
				c. Succubus of the Underworld
				d. Xerians of the Dark pits
			
More will be added to this list later.




################################################################################

Faction and Civilization Overview

	In LDF the races are seperated into 4 factions.  The Civilized, the Savages,
the Scavangers, and the Evil-bound.  Inside these factions, the races loosely 
associate morally, but that doesn't stop them from fighting among themselves.  
The truth is that even though factions are recognized as opposition to each 
other, they often don't get along with each other either.

################################################################################

Civilized Races

    The civilized generally like to build large sites, cities, outposts, etc.
They are known to be more diplomatic toward each other than the other factions.
Most times the Dwarfs, Elfs, Humans, and Gnomes live in harmony... but that 
harmony is fragile...

---- Dwarfs of the High Mountains ----

    The Dwarfs of the High Mountains, seek to build massive megastructures and 
dig deep into the earth to find treasure.  Their cities are often found deep
under the earthm but sometimes a small group may form a hillock village to bring
much needed booze to the cities.

    Dwarven society is extremely well structured.  Besides the usually long list
of nobility, Dwarves also maintain guilds to restrict access to higher knowledge
and technology.  Each guild requires a contract to completed to provide access 
and that their secrets be handled by Guild Members only.  In the end Dwarves are
highly efficeint at producing large quantities of high quality goods for their 
people's consumption.

---- Elfs of the Forest ----

    The Elfs of the Forest may seem weak to some, but no other group has deeper
knowledge of the inner workings of nature.  Tree singing, Earth singing, and the 
ability to call on the many diverse spirits of the wood gives Elves unprecedent
power when in their own element.  Thier cities are built with the gifts of the
forest and their step does not disturb it.

---- Humans of the Plains ----

    Humans are an ingenious lot of short lived creatures.  Due to the nature of 
their short lifes, the live in the now, destroying things around them to build
their cities, forts, castles, and towers.  Even then they are generally peaceful
with their non agressive neighbors.

    Most human settlements are based around their need for economic growth, any
Human town is covered with shops selling everything from weapons and armor to 
toys and food.  

---- Gnomes of the Hills ----

    Deep in the hill country a very small but intelligent race can be found.  
The Gnomes of the hills seek knowledge of mechanical glory at every turn.  From
high tech weapons to robotic assistants, Alchemy miracles to exploding bees can
be found in the annals of Gnomish History.  This may seem to be an over powered
race, but its all to offset their issues of bad eyesight and short stature.

################################################################################

Savage Races

    The Savage Races are powerful creatures, bound together with their desire to	
destroy their enemies.  They are known to kidnap other races, either to use as
slaves, meat, or both.  Their desire for conquest often times pits themselves 
against one another.

---- Orcs of the Tiaga ----

    Orcs once were one the military branches used by the Goblins and their Demon
overlords.  They are massive standing twice as tall as Dwarf and their desire to
gain ground even in the face of opposition is comendable.  Orcs of the Tiaga are
descended from these ancient orcs who rebelled against their masters and set out
to be their own nation.  

    Orcs utilize their captured prey as slave labor and livestock.  They are 
very efficent at utilizing all the parts of a body for various goods, including
turning bones into materials as strong as steel.

################################################################################

Scavanger Races

    The Scavangers are races who hold onto the edge of society by stealth and
theft.  Even though some are very weak and others are very strong, they all 
share one similarity... if its shiny and then can grab it, they will.  Though
they will trade with each other, their trading rarely is expressed as traded
wealth as every trade is considered a theft from those who they trade with.

---- Kobolds of the Caves ----

    Little rat faced men who live in hovels and caves.  They reproduce, well, 
like rats literally having litters of 5 to 10 at a time and scavenging the land
for resources.  They live really short lives and rarely have time to be high 
skilled at anything, which would probably be a good thing, since they surely
would overwhelming everyone and destroy the world if they lived any longer.

    Considering their stature, around half the size of a dwarf, they can't wield
much in the way of weapons, making most of their weapons from wood and building
thier houses from straw.  Typically they don't dig, but will utilize any form of
natural formation (caves, cliffs, etc) as a form of shelter if its available.
Since they are so light they can build huge structures of thatch and live in 
them for generations.  Many other races dispise them for this.

---- Trolls of the Swamps ----

    In the past trolls were considered the Goblin response to elfs, an agile 
race that were suppose to be superior to elven archers, able to dodge arrows and
fire back rapidly... but not so today.  As the years went on and this group was
slowly forgotten by their masters they became more or less drunks and denigrades
that hang out in the swamps, building temples to booze and base desires.  Still
capable of being ferocious, if need be, but usually not.  They do leave their 
brothels and bars from time to time to seak out more valuables and beer... lots
of beer.

---- Ogres of Chasm ----

    Large Brutes these are, easily twice the size of a human, many seem to fear
these giants, but truth is they are much more likely to fear you.  In the past
the ogres have been slaves of just about everyone and used as miners since this
is what they do best.  The other things they like to do is to run into other
smaller civs forts and steal food and drink, occasionally taking whoever is
carrying it with them. Like orcs they like to make things out of bodies, such as
armor, clothing, and weapons.

################################################################################

Evil-bound Races

    The Evil-bound are those who all the great gods of the heavens and the earth
have forsaken.  These races therefore worship the dark powers that have come to
provide for them where others will not.  They desire to break down and destroy
all that lives upon the world and will go to great strides to accomplish these
tasks.

---- Goblins of the Dark Fortress ----
    
	Like most don't know this but Goblins even though slighly small and lanky
are actually quite crafty and mischivious.  They have been known to steal babies
for the purposes of raising eventually deformed versions of other races to add 
to their military might.  Some even say they are deformed version of dwarfs or 
men who were perveted at the touch of adamantine... These questions may never be
discovered.  The goblins fight maintain their position of favor with the demonic
creatures of the underworld.

---- Necromancers of the Obelisk ----

    Ancient Necromancer spirits seek to return to the lands of the living by 
possessing the undead bodies that strive to awaken them.  Through long lost arts
gained in their long dark slumbers they bring about massive armies from the left
over body parts of their enemies.  They are the Necromancers of the Obelisk and 
they will turn all they will decay and rot all that they touch.

---- Succubus of the Underworld ----

    These demonic seductresses have escaped from the underworld seeking to drag
all they see into debauchery.  One look is all that is necessary to turn a weak
mind into an eternal slave.  Evil creatures of the underworld will be summoned 
and the ground scorched at their arrival.

---- Xerians of the Dark pits ----

    These nasty things seek to convert the very ground around them into a deep
dark pit of despair.  they consume everything; plants, animals, rocks, water,
and even themselves when the time comes; into a sludge from which they build 
more of themselves and all of the diabolical needs.  Their apparence is that of
overgrown bugs, spiders, and scorpions yet even this doesn't do them justice.
Even the Goblins and Necromancers fear this race as its needs to devour 
everything in sight knows no end.

################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
################################################################################
